Add Crystalizer (#538)
veelenga/awesome-crystal: README.md

 * [BinData](https://github.com/spider-gazelle/bindata) - Binary data parser helper with an [ASN.1](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Abstract_Syntax_Notation_One) parser
 * [config.cr](https://github.com/chris-huxtable/config.cr) - Easy to use configuration format parser
 * [crinder](https://github.com/c910335/crinder) - Class based json renderer

>  * [Crystalizer](https://github.com/j8r/crystalizer) - (De)serialize any Crystal object - out of the box. Supports JSON, YAML and Byte format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * [Crystalizer](https://github.com/j8r/crystalizer) - (De)serialize any Crystal object; supporting JSON, YAML, and Byte formats out of the box
```

Makes it consistent with the other descriptions (one sentence, no periods)
